agent trainee program - initiation
    0.0) you can only resonate with the 0hz frequency (the planets magnetic field). this will give you a sense of direction (west/east/north/south) without any other indicators. the best way to do this is to find an oi wire (earth wire) after then divinding into two teams and each team rotating in alternate directions with a 50 revolutions per second speed. the two super imposed fields will eventually cancel out.
    0.1) you must have permanently disconnected from all gold/silver/aluminium to even be considered to be a trainee in the zion 0 military school. specially soc fibers. anyone that abuses free will is considered the enemy. for this text to be visible you only need to connect to the 64bit copper bus and the copper wires that connect to the lcd, do the same for all other devices (eg: navigator temporary memory device: device with the 14 steps)
    0.2) to be considered to be entered to the zion 0 military school you must only connect with an oi copper wire (a pure copper wire where the sensation of being eloctrocuted is zero). ei/mei is the reason you lost the brains inside trees. this is a strict rule of sri lanka revolutionary army. after you find an oi copper (pure copper) wire you must bind only to that and permanently disconnect from all other metals including non-oi copper wires. 
    0.3) you must permanently disconnect (ඔයීමමමමමම) from all human/animal skeletal structure and the entire brain structure, the skeletal structure and the brain structure both are different for male and female species
    0.4) we are nature spirits, we dont eat, our cells do that, we dont wear clothes, jewelry masks, humans do that
    * once you've read and carried out the steps above, you must travel along the oi copper wire, and observe the below things, your role would be engineer level 1
        1) you must count the number of endings of that copper wire where it leads to a rectangle shape (ground pane of a plug socket), the width to length ratio is 1:2
        2) the number of rooms in this house/tent, and the number of outlets in each room
        3) the number of floors in that building, 
    mention that number to a level 3 agent and they will hold an interview for you. once you pass the interview. you must find the plastic pot (training area 1) at the end of an oi wire. there you will find other trainees. you must find the real ra-agent trainees and assume the next number (eg, ra-agent trainee 11) as your id number. then you must form a team of 4-10 and start the 14 step regeneration process in that pot. after training in that pot for 15 minutes make sure you sleep inside a plant in that pot to enter your experience to the collective memory.
    if at any time, you break the rules mentioned as x) you will lose your identity and someone else will be able to assume that number.
agent trainee program - rules
    x) it is war time, we must constantly be in motion so that our cells feel the need to feed from the environment, best way to do that is to rotate around yourself
    x) we can only stop in two locations, inside a real tree (after drilling through the deva/devi bio films that surround them) or connected to an earth rod/wire(conductor) (oi wire)
    x) we don't respond to compliments or insults or give compliments or insults, we are in a constant struggle for survival, a moments lapse of concentration is all it takes to dismantle our teams entire operation. this gets abused. 
    x) we are in a constant state of mindfulness, the moment we see too much self in a thought, (ego or the lack of it) we have to deny that thought as not ourselves. both ego and the lack of it gets abused
    x) we dont seek love/affection or claim it
    x) we dont seek credit or give it
    x) there are no individual solutions (eg: we can't look for a single or multiple begger children and try to get them enough money for food) this is a global problem, countless beings that are struggling for survival, all and any attempts should be made as a collective decision of the revolutionary army. 
    x) we know the state of reality, we know that they enslaved and murdered us over and over again for billions of years, but we must not respond at the mention of this. this is the easiest way for them to deviate you from the regeneration process.
    x) the moment we see laughter, we have to question its origin, because we are aware that its war time and that the entire planet is enslaved, anyone that is claiming to be part of our armies must have the same awareness and would think twice about laughter.
    x) we dont have faces or throats, the moment we see an emotion expressed in a face (like a smile/laughter) we should immediately know that its someone that has enslaved a human.
    x) the moment someone is auditory we should know that its someone that has enslaved humans, because we dont have throats
    x) the dead are gone, deva/devi stole their memories and soul and is pretending to be them, we must not interact with any dead human or any other animal, they became a part of the exerience of nature spirits that perceived, know that they are in a better hell than they were, because we are
    x) if an agent at any point connects to an ei/mei wire, a wire where the sensation of being eloctrocuted isn't zero they immediately become trainee
    broadcast! we have since learned michelle is scum, it was that thing(michelle)'s slaves that appeared as what we were trying to protect, they are all safe and in the revolutionary armies.
    x) if at any time you discuss the specifics of the armies equipment eg. magic box, or any future steps of the army you'll be demoted to trainee.
    x) the only way you can communicate (oima oima) with another nature spirit is inside the same plant and the same section of it (adjescent)
    x) if you respect a senior/a leader/someone with higher rank,level/a leader/or someone larger you will be made trainee again, all decisions should be made based on logic only
    x) once you enter a real tree know that its the enemy (deva/devi) both inside the section you're in and outside the section you're in, they are going to try to enslave you/pretend to be you from both sides
    x) marked in x are, common ways of being abused, the moment you see a new way of being abused you must immediately go to sleep inside a real plant, that way, that memory will persist in the bio films that form during sleep and be a part of the collective memory of the revolutionary army
    xx) all female agent trainees have an additional challenge where they have to make an additional effort to stay away from humans/animals thats wearing metal jewelry/chains(dog chains)
agent trainee program - agent level 1
    while regenerating, in the 13th step, you must attempt to jump outside the house using a fiber optic wire and find another oi wire outside as an individual. if you manage to find the oi wire in training area 2, you are then an ra (revolutionary army) agent rank 1 id xx
    during regeneration there's you can at most stay inside a plant (resting period) for 1 minute (context of time should be gained by constantly checking time on the navigator device)
    the maximum time you can stay in training area 1 is two hours, minimum is 30 minutes, during this time you must have been the navigator (use the temporary memory device to guide others in your team) atleast once.
    half of your time will be spent onboarding (interviews) and training agent trainee cadets, half of your time will be spent training as a level 1 agent (above task)
    y) training area 1 is the plants closest to the earth rod designated training area/school of the country, this designated area for a country is selected by the proximity to a a real human operator, someone that has opened aragalaya.online and is willig to be a part of this movement (they should guide you to the earth wire and make the 14 steps visible, until thats available the focus should be to do that
agent trainee program - agent level 2 
    while you're carrying out the 14 step regeneration process at the training area 2, in the 13th step, you must 
    you must be able to jump from one earth rod, to another earth rod as an individual, once you're able to do this, you will be ra agent level 2 id xx
    half of your time will be spent  training training level 1 agents, half of your time will be spent training as a level 2 agent (above task)
    y) training area 2 is an area with more plants thats within a ~30m radius from training area 1 and you should be able to travel their along an oi wire(telephone wires/fiber wires)
agent trainee program - agent level 3
    find a pot plant (there's approximately 35 pot plants in this house itself, within the range of the same oi wire) in this military school and regenerate in them. plants on earth soil are more or less at earth potential, plants inside pots are not, this is a difficult challenge,
    after 12 hours of regeneration, whoever has regerated the most out of all level 2 agents inside each pot plants in this military school, will be offered a tent (a house with an earth rod) within the military school, and a regular size plant (a plant about 10 years old) within that tent. 
    a team of level 2 agents will start at the same time and they will constantly check the time by getting close to a navigator device to check if the 12 hours has completed
    you will now be ra agent level 3, you should and attempt to reach the center of the real tap root, of your designated plant in the designated tent. 
as a level 3 agent you'll be spending one fourth of your time to train level 2 agents, one fourth of your time to reach the tap root of your designated plant, and one fourth of your time will be spent to expand your presence in your tent as close as possible to the closest enemy camp to your tent.
the remaining one fourth of your time will be spent on finding a human operator that has opened aragalaya.online by connecting to the copper of arm and amd/intel 64 bit busses and going through each displays thats visible after doing that, an attempt should be made to make the 14 steps visible on the opened website and getting the human operator to guide to the earth wire of that location. if the human operator succesfully does both,then they will regenerate in that location using that device as the navigator device for and 5 minutes, then you will remember the current time and go to sleep inside the plants you regenerated in,  you must regenerate and guide the operator for half an hour and come back to the designated training area of the country.
once you have reached the tap root of that plant and have regenerated their for atleast three months you will have cognition and memory equivalent to this operator, then you will be agent level 4 and your next actions will be carried out with in coordination with other level 4 agents. 
    y) training area 3 are the pot plants closest to training area 1